Please revise the Unicode presentation based on the second review sample at
`_observations/validation/2026-09-13/view-review-2.txt`.

This version is a substantial improvement. It reduces the initial inventory from
3,380 lines and approximately 194 KB to 105 lines and approximately 5 KB. Project
modules are now prominent, external modules are explicitly collapsed, mnemonic
handles are recognizable, normal-case export provenance is suppressed, and
display omissions are visible. The overall progressive-disclosure direction is
working.

The remaining work is primarily about distinguishing different scopes of
qualification and removing repetition that still competes with the inventory.
The current `Qualifications` section mixes:

- facts about this particular analysis run;
- disclosures about this particular presentation;
- stable contracts of the lens or analysis method; and
- general explanations of PostCode terminology.

Those categories should not all be repeated in full in every Unicode view.
However, do not move a consequential qualification entirely out of the view merely
because it is stable. The view must still state enough for the user to interpret
the claims and their coverage honestly.

Please use the following classification.

1. Run-specific analysis state

   The completed/materialized state of modules, exports, and documentation applies
   to this run. Keep it in the view, but make the successful common case compact.
   For example:

   `Analysis complete: modules, exports, documentation`

   Continue to show separate capability states when any analysis is partial,
   unavailable, deferred, stopped, or failed. Scope counts such as `174 scopes`
   can move to detailed qualification output unless they explain an abnormal
   result.

2. Presentation-specific disclosure

   Display omissions must remain visible whenever they occur. Consolidate them
   rather than repeating them per module. For example:

   `Display: 156 external modules, 9 exports, and documentation for 7 modules omitted.`

   A compact per-module marker such as `doc available` may be useful, but seven
   copies of “documentation assertions omitted; inspect for detail” are not.

3. Stable lens and analysis contracts

   The supported module-population boundary is stable, but it materially limits
   what “174 modules found” establishes. Keep a concise coverage statement in each
   affected view. The full explanation can live in help or user documentation.

   Likewise, retain a concise statement that the result was established through
   TypeScript analysis. The detailed compiler-method explanation need not be
   repeated in every ordinary view.

4. Run- or method-specific limitations

   “No atomic filesystem snapshot is claimed” materially qualifies the consistency
   of this result and should remain visible in every affected view, though it can
   be stated compactly.

   Generated-output exclusion should be shown when output locations were actually
   excluded from evidence for this run. Prefer a concrete run statement, including
   a count when available, rather than a generic policy statement. The general
   exclusion rule belongs in user documentation.

5. General interaction and terminology rules

   Handle generation and cross-snapshot continuity are general interaction rules.
   Put the reusable explanation in help or user documentation. Keep only the cue
   required for safe next use near the suggested command—for example, that the
   handle belongs to this snapshot when the command actually requires snapshot
   context.

   The meaning of a recorded documentation assertion should appear locally when
   documentation is displayed. This inventory displays no documentation text, so
   its general documentation disclaimer is unnecessary here.

   The statement that export relationships are not calls or dependencies belongs
   in an inspection view that displays export relationships, or in general help.
   It does not qualify anything displayed in this compact inventory.

A possible compact footer is:

```text
Status
  Established via TypeScript analysis.
  Coverage: supported module population; additional compiler module categories
  are not established.

Display
  156 external modules, 9 exports, and documentation for 7 modules omitted.
  Use inspect <name-or-handle> for detail.

Run limitations
  2 generated-output locations excluded from repository evidence.
  Inputs were not captured as an atomic filesystem snapshot.

More: <help or detailed-qualification affordance>
```

This is illustrative rather than a required byte-for-byte format. The precise
help command, option name, and layout remain implementation choices.

Please also address the following remaining presentation issues.

1. Shorten snapshot display

   `Snapshot snapshot:7ca033...` repeats the word “snapshot” and exposes the full
   hash. Prefer a short display such as `Snapshot 7ca033fe3d78`. Preserve the full
   value in JSON or detailed metadata and wherever it is operationally required.

2. Consolidate anonymous-module disclosure

   Every project module currently shows `(anonymous module)`. Explain once at the
   project-group level that these are anonymous TypeScript modules labeled with
   generated handles, then suppress the repeated phrase. If some project modules
   are named and others anonymous, retain a compact local marker only where it
   distinguishes them.

3. Consolidate common facets

   Every project entry repeats `project, implementation-available`. Move facets
   shared by the entire group into the group heading or a short group description.
   Continue to show exceptional or distinguishing facets locally.

4. Shorten established empty exports

   When export analysis completed successfully, `Exports: none` is sufficient in
   a module entry. The shared analysis status establishes that this means an
   established empty effective export set. Preserve more explicit wording only
   when needed to distinguish empty, unavailable, partial, or display-omitted
   results.

5. Avoid misleading mnemonic handles

   `module-is-module-claim` appears to derive the module handle from an arbitrary
   exported predicate and reads like a responsibility claim. Improve the simple
   heuristic where practical—for example, by preferring a coherent type family or
   a more representative export—but do not turn handle generation into semantic
   classification or natural-language interpretation. When no defensible mnemonic
   exists, an honestly anonymous handle is better than a misleading one.

6. Make the next action directly usable

   The current instruction contains placeholders:

   `inspect <name-or-handle> --snapshot <snapshot-above> with the same --project configuration`

   Prefer an actual command form that the user can copy and complete by replacing
   only the subject, or explain the minimum required arguments precisely. Do not
   require the user to infer how “the same project configuration” is represented.

7. Keep the external preview only if it helps selection

   The alphabetical preview `assert, assert/strict, async_hooks` confirms that
   external modules exist but gives little indication of relevance. It is
   acceptable to retain it, omit it, or replace it with a more useful compact
   grouping. Do not introduce dependency analysis merely to rank external modules;
   that belongs to a later lens.

Please also begin a concise user-facing command-and-concepts reference. This is
within the plan's existing requirement to document how to run and exercise the
CLI; it is not a request for a comprehensive manual. The reference should provide
the stable explanations that no longer need to appear in full in every view:

- `modules(project)` versus `inspect(subjects)`;
- names, mnemonic handles, Entity IDs, and snapshot scope;
- analysis materialization versus display omission;
- the supported TypeScript module-population contract;
- established claims, recorded documentation assertions, and limitations;
- explicit source-detail escape; and
- observation output and generated-output evidence exclusion.

The normal view must remain self-qualifying. User documentation or an optional
detailed-qualification affordance supplements concise inline status; it does not
replace material coverage and limitation disclosures.

Do not attempt to add project purpose, dependency flow, call relationships, or an
architecture summary to this module-inventory presentation. Those require later
lenses and are outside this presentation refinement.

Please verify at least:

- the successful analysis state is compact while partial or failed states remain
  explicit;
- display omissions are consolidated and accurately counted;
- the supported-population limitation remains visible in the default view;
- run-specific generated-output exclusion is reported when it occurs;
- the non-atomic-input limitation remains visible;
- documentation and export-relationship explanations appear only in views where
  the corresponding information is displayed;
- common anonymity and facet information is not repeated for every project module;
- empty exports remain distinguishable from unavailable, partial, or omitted
  exports;
- the displayed snapshot reference is concise without weakening reference
  validation;
- the suggested inspection action is operationally clear;
- the user-facing reference covers the stable concepts removed from ordinary
  output; and
- Unicode output remains deterministic for equivalent inputs.
